[go_router_builder]Update the way to pass the `extra` param in router_config (#3005)
flutter/packages: packages/go_router_builder/CHANGELOG.md

## 1.0.17

> * Update router_config to not passing `extra` unconditionally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updates router_config to not passing itself as `extra`.
```
